"Breakout Game"

Develop: On Linux(Ubuntu) 

Compile by typing 'make', to run type ./breakoutv2 
(You can try running "./breakoutv2" first to check it it will work)

key function:
1  'ESCAPE', 'q': exit the application and release the dynamically allocated memory;

2  'F2': if you are in level one or level two, press F2 to start the game directly without 
         waiting for 5 sec to 10 sec for the tags to dissappear;

   'a':  show the system axes and self axes;                            
 
   'b':  show the aabb box of bricks and ball;

   'g':  press g to switch the algorithm between btrueforce and uniformgrid algorithm,
		     the school machine might be very fast and the number of the brick is not large,
         so we can't really see much difference
         between bruteforce and uniform-grid. But if we run it our labtop, the uniform-grid 
         is quicker;                      

   'p':  it is a cheating way, especially for testing. Press p to get into 
         level two directly;
   's':  because of the bricks shape, the velocity is devided into x and y direction.
         In some cases, the velocity in one direction nearlly gets disappeared. and 
         the speed of the ball is greatly reduced. Using 's' to speed up.
   'x', 'y':  Because of the different bricks' shape, sometime the ball may end up bouncing
		 between bound.y1 and bound.y2 parallel to the 'x' Axes. 
		'x'is used to generate a velocity in x positive direction, 'y' is used to generate
        a (1,0) velocity.
   't':  display time it takes to finish do for collision detection on the bricks
   'l':  increase level 2 paddle's speed , init speed is at 0.01f you can increase to 1.0f
   'k':  derease paddle's speed to a min of 0.01f
   
Note: 
    . complete each level by hitting all the bricks with the ball.
    . if you lose the game in whichever level, you will have to go back to level one to start.
      again. you have 5 chance in one level.

<Leve 1>
Navigation:
. Move the paddle using left and right arrow keys.
. Move left or right when the ball collide on the paddle to increase the speed in that direction.

GamePlay:
. pPrevent the ball from falling below the paddle.
. complete by hitting all the bricks with the ball.

<Level 2>
Navigation:
. Move the paddle using left and right arrow keys
. Player can only move between the two red dot

GamePlay:
. Prevent the ball from hitting the area between the two red dot
. Complete by hitting all the bricks with the ball.

The game completes when you finish two levels.

